PRIZE DRAW RULES

BACKGROUND:
These Terms and Conditions set out the terms governing the ClimaWorld
subscription prize draws. The promoter of the Prize Draw is ClimaWorld, Inc.
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully and ensure that you
understand them before submitting your entry for the Prize Draw.
By submitting an entry to the Prize Draw, you are agreeing to accept and be
bound by these Terms and Conditions. If you have any questions, please
contact Us at chat@climaworld.app. We reserve the right to refuse entry or
refuse to award a prize to anyone who is in breach of these Terms and
Conditions.

NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE
YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. ALL RELATED LOCAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS APPLY
IN ENTRANTS JURISDICTION. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED.

Definitions and Interpretation
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the
following expressions have the following meanings:
“Closing Date”
means the closing date of the Prize Draw, as set out in Clause 3;
“Draw Date”
means the date on which the winner[s] will be chosen, as set out in Clause 5;
“Opening Date”
means the opening date of the Prize Draw, as set out in Clause 3;
“Prize Draw”
Means ClimaWorld subscription prize draws and
“We / Us / Our”
Means ClimaWorld, Inc. Company details are available at
https://climaworld.app

Prize Draw Entry Rules
The Prize Draw is open to all UK, USA (Including the District of Columbia),
Australia, Canada (Excluding Quebec) and EU (Excluding Italy and Belgium)
residents aged 18 and above, subject to the following exceptions.
The following may not enter the Prize Draw: Our employees or their families,
Our agents, subcontractors, and any other third parties involved in or directly
associated with the running of the Prize Draw. 1 entry per person is permitted.
Opening and Closing Date
The Opening Date of the Prize Draw period is Monday 13th March 9am GMT
and The Closing Date of the Prize Draw is Sunday 9th April 5pm GMT. Entries
received after the Closing Date will not be valid, accepted, or considered for
this prize period.

How to Enter the Prize Draw
Prize Draw entries can be through the free or paid route. No purchase is
necessary and will not increase your chances of winnings.
To submit your entry to the Prize Draw:
● Free entry route: On a 3x5 card, handprint your full name, complete
address, phone number (including area code), date of birth, email
address (optional). Please mail in an envelope with a proper postage
affixed to: ClimaWorld, Inc. 600 N Broad St, Ste 5 PMB 2134, Middletown,
DE 19709, USA
● Paid entry route: Subscribe online to support our climate projects at
https://climaworld.app
Please note that We do not accept any responsibility for any entries which are
not successfully completed (e.g. lost or delayed) due to technical faults
(including, but not limited to, hardware, software, and network faults) or for
entries which We do not receive.

The Prize Draw
Winners will be selected at https://random.org on the Draw Dates within the
prize draw period.
The Prizes will be as follows:
● 1x $10 / £10 daily prize winner monday to friday during the prize period
● 1x $100 / £100 weekend prize winner each Saturday or Sunday during the
prize period
Winners will be notified by social media and email (using the details provided
in their entry) within 5 days to claim their prize. If a winner does not respond to
Us within 5 days of being notified, their prize will be forfeited, and We shall be
entitled to select another winner using the process set out above. We will
initiate the bank transfer for the winners prize within 30 days but make no
guarantee that the prize will be received within that time.
Prizes are exchangeable in part or full for donations to a climate project we
are able to make contributions to and to pay in part of full for ClimaWorld
subscriptions. ClimaWorld will not take a commission on the exchange of any
prize. We reserve the right to substitute a prize with an alternative prize of
equal or greater value in the event that circumstances beyond Our control
make it necessary for Us to do so. Our decision regarding any aspect of the
Prize Draw is binding and final. We reserve the right to not enter into any
correspondence about the decision.
We are required to publish or otherwise make available information which
indicates that a valid award has taken place. The surname and county of
major prize winners (and, where applicable, copies of winning entries) will be
provided by:
● Writing to: ClimaWorld, Inc. 600 N Broad St, Ste 5 PMB 2134, Middletown,
DE 19709 enclosing a self-addressed envelope
● Emailing: chat@climaworld.app
If you object to any of your information, as set out above in sub-Clause 5.8,
being published or otherwise made available, please change the settings in
your account or contact Us. Please note that We are still required to provide
such information and winning entries to regulators on their request. We
reserve the right to hold void, cancel, suspend, or amend the promotion if it
becomes necessary for us to do so.

Liability
By participating in the Sweepstakes, entrants agree to release and hold
harmless the Sponsor, and each of their respective parents, subsidiaries,
affiliates, advertising and promotion agencies, other companies associated
with the Sweepstakes, and each of their respective officers, directors,
employees, shareholders, representatives, and agents (the "Released Parties)"
from and against any claim or cause of action arising out of participation in
the Sweepstakes or receipt or use of the prize (including any travel or activity
related thereto), including, but not limited to: (a) any technical errors
associated with the Sweepstakes, including lost, interrupted or unavailable
Internet Service Provider (ISP), network, server, wireless service provider, or
other connections, availability or accessibility or miscommunications or failed
computer, satellite, telephone, cellular tower or cable transmissions, lines, or
technical failure or jumbled, scrambled, delayed, or misdirected
transmissions or computer hardware or software malfunctions, failures or
difficulties; (b) unauthorized human intervention in the Sweepstakes; (c)
mechanical, network, electronic, computer, human, printing or typographical
errors; (d)lost, late, incomplete, garbled, illegible, undelivered, stolen,
damaged, delayed, postage-due or misdirected mail, entries, application
downloads, (e) any other errors or problems in connection with the
Sweepstakes, including, without limitation, errors that may occur in the
administration of the Sweepstakes, the announcement of the winner, the
cancellation or postponement of the event and/or the flyover, if applicable,
the incorrect downloading of the application, the processing of entries
application downloads or in any Sweepstakes-related materials; or (f) injury,
death, losses or damages of any kind, to persons or property which may be
caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from entrants participation in
the Sweepstakes or acceptance, receipt or misuse of the prize (including any
travel or activity related thereto). Entrant further agrees that in any cause of
action, the Released Parties liability will be limited to the cost of entering and
participating in the Sweepstakes, and in no event shall the entrant be entitled
to receive attorney's fees. Released Parties are also not responsible for any
incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by site users, tampering,
hacking, or by any equipment or programming associated with or utilized in
the Sweepstakes. Entrant waives the right to claim any damages whatsoever,
including, but not limited to, punitive, consequential, direct, or indirect
damages.

Disputes
Except where prohibited, each entrant agrees that any and all disputes,
claims and causes of action arising out of, or connected with, the
Sweepstakes or any prize awarded shall be resolved individually, without
resort to any form of class action, and exclusively by the appropriate court
located in Delaware. All issues and questions concerning the construction,
validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, entrants rights
and obligations, or the rights and obligations of the Sponsor in connection
with the Sweepstakes, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the laws of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or
conflict of law rules, which would cause the application of the laws of any
jurisdiction other than Delaware.

Privacy and Personal Data
We will only use your personal information as set out in Our Privacy Policy,
available from https://climaworld.app and as explained above in previous
sections of this document.
