
US Sweepstakes Rules
NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE
WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. ALL FEDERAL,
STATE, LOCAL, AND MUNICIPAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS APPLY.
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED.
1. Eligibility
ClimaWorld (the "Sweepstakes") is open to legal residents of the
fifty (50) United States and the District of Columbia who are at least
eighteen (18) years old at the time of entry. Employees of ClimaWorld,
Inc. and other companies associated with the promotion of the
Sweepstakes, and their respective parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and
advertising and promotion agencies as well as the immediate family
(spouse, parents, siblings, and children) and household members of
each such employee are not eligible. The Sweepstakes is subject to
federal, state, and local laws and regulations.
2. Sponsor
The Sweepstakes is sponsored by ClimaWorld, Inc., located at
600 N Broad St, Ste 5 PMB 2134, Middletown, DE 19709.
3. Agreement to Official Rules
Participation in the Sweepstakes constitutes the entrant's full
and unconditional agreement to and acceptance of these Official
Rules and the decisions of the Sponsor, which are final and binding.
Winning a prize is contingent upon being compliant with these Official
Rules and fulfilling all other requirements set forth herein.
4. Sweepstakes Period
The Sweepstakes begins on December 19, 2022 at 05:00 EST
and ends on January 31, 2023 at 11:59am EST (the "Sweepstakes
Period"). Entries that are submitted before or after the Sweepstakes
Period will be disqualified. Submissions will be accepted for the
duration of the Sweepstakes using any of the following methods:
Mail-In
Online
5. How to Enter
Online: This method of entry will be available by visiting our website
(https://climaworld.app) and following to subscribe to supporting
climate projects.
Via Mail: This method of entry will be available for the entire
Sweepstakes Period. On a 3x5 card, handprint your full name,
complete address, phone number (including area code) date of birth
and email address (optional) and mail in an envelope with proper
postage affixed to: 600 N Broad St, Ste 5 PMB 2134, Middletown, DE
19709. Mail-in entries must be hand-printed and mailed in separately.
All mail-in entries must be postmarked by January 31, 2023 and
received by January 31, 2023.
Limit one (1) entry per person, per email address, and per
household for the duration of the Sweepstakes Period, regardless of
method of entry. Entries received from any person, e-mail address, or
household in excess of the stated limitation will be void. All entries
become the property of Sponsor and will not be acknowledged or
returned.
6. Prize Drawing
On or about February 03, 2023, the Sponsor will select potential
winners in a random drawing from among all eligible entries received.
The odds of being selected depend on the number of entries received.
The Sponsor will attempt to notify the potential winner via telephone
or email on or about Febuary 06, 2023. If the potential winner cannot
be contacted within five (5) days after the date of the first attempt to
contact him/her, the Sponsor may select an alternate potential winner
